/* 
This is a game of chance with betting options built in.  
Supposed to be a fun way to low cost gamble with the illusion of "choice" built in. 
The game would ultimately be played on some interface outside of a PC.
More formal graphics would be ideal including a character to emcee the game.

Fun name ideas:
Walker, Texas Gamer

4 players in a square around a flat screen table or led board
(or iPad on a stand projected down onto a mirror) 
Each player takes a turn.
Each player puts out a quarter in front of them for each turn. 
This quarter can be taken by another player, taken back by the owner, or put into the pot.
Each player in turn rolls the dice to weight the walker in their direction.
The Walker will run a full round at each turn to determine the round winner.

depending on how high a player rolls, the walker will be weighted to their side of the square
if a player rolls a SNAKE EYES at any time...
They toss their quarter into the pot.
 the screen will blink and say "awwwww man"
use camera to recognize dice in a ring
you get three rolls to weight the circle to come in your direction/color  
2 dice, three rolls if wanted, 
the higher the number, the higher probability that their color is chosen by the walker
if you get doubles first, you can take your quarter back and everyone throws theirs into the pot
or you can roll again to increase your changes of influencing the walker 
if you get doubles again, you can take the pot
if you get exactly the same doubles, you take the pot
if you get snake eyes after a double, then you have to pay the pot!
doubles will x 2 your total in the weighting of the walker
 so if you roll a 2 and a 4, and then a 1 and a 3, your total weighting is 10
but if you roll a 2 and a 2 (doubles) and then decide to roll again, a 1 and a 3, your total weighting is 20.
if you roll doubles twice, the you get the pot, no walker needed.  
Or after two doubles, you can decide to take of the game by running the walker at random - whoever it lands on pays the pot
if you don't get it
 you can stop after two rolls if you get doubles, like so if you get 6 total twice
you can try for a third roll to beat the total of the first two rolls
and if you can top the total of the first two rolls, you will win the pot.
so you run the walker once you've rolled three time - should you roll 3x or 2x?
if you lose, everyone else gets to keep their quarter and yours goes in the ring
if you win, you get everyone's quarter and the pot
play on an iPad, use the iPad to read the dice?  iPad over a mirror, 
projected down onto the board 

*/
